README.md, before:

# profile

## Hi there 👋

Nice to meet you! I'm Valerie, a Software Engineering student at nology.io.

## A Little About Me
 I am a full stack developer working to provide meaningful functionality to applications. I come from a Biotechnology background where I worked in a Cell Therapy laboratory, but I have pivoted into a career in tech. I wanted to challenge myself to learn a new set of skills. My background in Biotech will provide unique solutions to problems in the tech idustry. I am passionate about creating a better experience through understanding any given task and creating the optimal solution. I am eager to learn more and continue expanding the limits of my capabilities. I am constantly striving to improve my techniques, expand my skillset, and find new opportunities to grow.

 
## My Projects 

1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/pig-latin-pluto-team>Pig Latin Translator</a> - A pig latin translator built using React, JS, and CSS
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/tic-tac-toe-radiator-springs>Tic Tac Toe</a> - A browser game built in React, JS, and CSS
3. <a target=_blank href=https://vjtovar.github.io/my-app>My Portfolio</a> - My portfolio was built in React, JS, and CSS



## My Work 

### Week 1

#### HTML & CSS 
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/web-fundamentals>Web Fundamentals</a> - A family tree app built using HTML and CSS


#### Flexbox & Grid
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/flexbox-challenge>Flexbox Challenge</a> - Creating a table using HTML, CSS, and Flexbox
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/flexbox-challenge-2>Flexbox Challenge 2</a> - Creating cards using HTML, CSS, and Flexbox
3. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/responsive-grid>Responsive Grid</a> - A responsive grid built with HTML, CSS, and media queries

#### SCSS
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/sass-bem>Sass Bem</a> - A simple website built with HTML and SCSS
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/sass>SCSS</a> - Creating cards using HTML and SCSS
3. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/web-project-nology>DADA APP</a> - A parenting coach app built using HTML and SCSS

### Week 2

#### Python
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_2_Python_CSV/adventure_game>Adventure Game</a> - An adventure text game built in python
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_2_Python_CSV>Python Challenges</a> - Python challenges for classes, OOP, entry points, named tuples, lists, tuples, dictionaries, loops, types, strings, control flow, functions, and LAMBDA methods


### Week 3

#### Flask & API
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_3_Flask_API/hello-flask>A Treasurehunt Game</a> - A treasurehunt game built in HTML, CSS, JS, Python, and Flask
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_3_Flask_API/flask-api>Flask API</a> - A Flask app using PostgreSQL with and API generated using Elephant SQL to connect to a database and write queries to pull in the data

Commit message:

added grid assignment to week 1

README.md, after:

# profile

## Hi there 👋

Nice to meet you! I'm Valerie, a Software Engineering student at nology.io.

## A Little About Me
 I am a full stack developer working to provide meaningful functionality to applications. I come from a Biotechnology background where I worked in a Cell Therapy laboratory, but I have pivoted into a career in tech. I wanted to challenge myself to learn a new set of skills. My background in Biotech will provide unique solutions to problems in the tech idustry. I am passionate about creating a better experience through understanding any given task and creating the optimal solution. I am eager to learn more and continue expanding the limits of my capabilities. I am constantly striving to improve my techniques, expand my skillset, and find new opportunities to grow.

 
## My Projects 

1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/pig-latin-pluto-team>Pig Latin Translator</a> - A pig latin translator built using React, JS, and CSS
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/tic-tac-toe-radiator-springs>Tic Tac Toe</a> - A browser game built in React, JS, and CSS
3. <a target=_blank href=https://vjtovar.github.io/my-app>My Portfolio</a> - My portfolio was built in React, JS, and CSS



## My Work 

### Week 1

#### HTML & CSS 
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/web-fundamentals>Web Fundamentals</a> - A family tree app built using HTML and CSS


#### Flexbox & Grid
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/flexbox-challenge>Flexbox Challenge</a> - Creating a table using HTML, CSS, and Flexbox
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/flexbox-challenge-2>Flexbox Challenge 2</a> - Creating cards using HTML, CSS, and Flexbox
3. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/responsive-grid>Responsive Grid</a> - A responsive grid built with HTML, CSS, and media queries
4. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/grid-challenge>Responsive Grid 2</a> - A responsive grid of images built with HTML, CSS, and media queries

#### SCSS
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/sass-bem>Sass Bem</a> - A simple website built with HTML and SCSS
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/sass>SCSS</a> - Creating cards using HTML and SCSS
3. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_1_HTML_CSS/web-project-nology>DADA APP</a> - A parenting coach app built using HTML and SCSS

### Week 2

#### Python
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_2_Python_CSV/adventure_game>Adventure Game</a> - An adventure text game built in python
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_2_Python_CSV>Python Challenges</a> - Python challenges for classes, OOP, entry points, named tuples, lists, tuples, dictionaries, loops, types, strings, control flow, functions, and LAMBDA methods


### Week 3

#### Flask & API
1. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_3_Flask_API/hello-flask>A Treasurehunt Game</a> - A treasurehunt game built in HTML, CSS, JS, Python, and Flask
2. <a target=_blank href=https://github.com/vjtovar/nology-coursework/tree/main/Week_3_Flask_API/flask-api>Flask API</a> - A Flask app using PostgreSQL with and API generated using Elephant SQL to connect to a database and write queries to pull in the data
